in the zoo shop Vivian Knight oversees a
roaring trade in cuddly lions and tigers
outside a sunjai the big cat keeper
deals with the real thing Jays pride and
joy is a litter of lion cubs but before
we can let them loose on this icy
morning he's got to get rid of a few
natural hazards it's always good to
think ahead and although the ice isn't
thick the last thing you'd want is
especially one of the Cubs on the on the
bigger pond to actually fall underneath
the ice and become trapped it's just a
precaution but you end up sharing that
day I can see you Jamna this this is
three of my four lions jam there in the
background who's the mother of Usher and
Shanti are two Cubs
they're now eight months old very
affectionate you still gotta watch your
fingers obviously but I'll get a great
reaction when I come in every morning
from these they're at that age now where
everything is a bit of a game as you can
stay a bit Safi not you hey-ya bit soppy
it's a totally different story when we
go next door to see Midas you don't get
a reaction that's all like this from
Midas it's a great opposite he's not
very keeper friendly much as we all try
to get on with him he's aggressive to
say the least which is you know natural
behavior for a lion he'll always be out
to get you won't he
this is - the proud father no quite so
forthcoming morning Midas well then
everybody out come on girls
there you go come on - come on then
hello